intro-to-emberjs (#6996)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/authors/dev-verma/index.md

---
title: Dev Verma
type: authors
github: https://github.com/08-dev-verma
images:
  - url: /engineering-education/authors/dev-verma/avatar.jpeg 
---

> Dev Verma is an engineering student. He is a software dev eloper who has been actively engaging in software development projects. He also lo ves playing volley ball and chatting with other developers in his free time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dev Verma is an engineering student. He is a software developer who has been actively engaging in software development projects. He also loves playing volley ball and chatting with other developers in his free time.
```
